Liu July is your father, you still don't admit it, do you?
This is what you forced me to do
And your grandfather
He used to be partial to your dad
Now there is eccentricity, what have you given you to wander the world?
You said my grandpa was partial to me
You know my parents used to travel the world
How much effort did it take?
And the foundation I have laid for traveling the world over the years
It's there for all to see.
So Youshi wasn't given to us by grandpa
We created them ourselves.
You ask yourselves.
What have you done for the Warriors?
What right do you have to tell me
How thick-skinned you are!
Not only do you love to grab things that don't belong to you
Still robbing so righteously
It seems that you are as pampered as your son
Jiaozong is used to it
Let your greed grow
Feel superior
Everything should be yours
But I can't see Ming Xuan and Ming Xuan at all
Parents' ability and dedication
To put it bluntly, you are stupid
Your aunt
Take something that doesn't belong to you
Sooner or later you have to pay it back
Just like you went to great lengths to take away the warriors
I got it back in my own right.
I have already recorded what I said just now.
Just wait for the law to punish you.
Ahhh
Ah let's go